(FM-8636) Update readme (#17)
puppetlabs/litmus_image: README.md

It will install systemd or upstart, along with SSH

> Look here for the latest images https://hub.docker.com/u/litmusimage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest images can be found on the [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/litmusimage).
```

# Buildable images
| IMAGE | TAG | DOCKERFILE | BASE_IMAGE | BASE_IMAGE_TAG |
| ------| ----| -----------| -----------| ---------------|
| ubuntu | 14.04 | apt_initd_dockerfile | ubuntu | 14.04 |
| ubuntu | 16.04 | apt_systemd_dockerfile | ubuntu | 16.04 |
| ubuntu | 18.04 | apt_sysvinit-utils_dockerfile | ubuntu | 18.04 |
| centos | 6 | yum_initd_dockerfile | centos | 6 |
| centos | 7 | yum_systemd_dockerfile | centos | 7 |
| centos | 8 | yum_systemd_dockerfile | centos | 8 |
| scientificlinux | 6 | yum_initd_dockerfile | scientificlinux/sl | 6 |
| scientificlinux | 7 | yum_systemd_dockerfile | scientificlinux/sl | 7 |
| oraclelinux | 6 | yum_initd_dockerfile | oraclelinux | 6 |
| oraclelinux | 7 | yum_systemd_dockerfile | oraclelinux | 7 |
| debian | 8 | apt_systemd_dockerfile | debian | 8 |
| debian | 9 | apt_systemd_dockerfile | debian | 9 |
| debian | 10 | apt_sysvinit-utils_dockerfile | debian | 10 |

# Build command

> `docker build --rm --no-cache -t litmusimage/$IMAGE:$TAG . -f $DOCKERFILE --build-arg BASE_IMAGE_TAG=$BASE_IMAGE_TAG --build-arg OS_TYPE=$BASE_IMAGE`

Reviewer: Suggest wrapping this in code blocks (couldn't use the suggestion tooling to show this, sorry!):

```
docker build --rm --no-cache -t litmusimage/$IMAGE:$TAG . -f $DOCKERFILE --build-arg BASE_IMAGE_TAG=$BASE_IMAGE_TAG --build-arg OS_TYPE=$BASE_IMAGE
```

## Example

> `docker build --rm --no-cache -t litmusimage/ubuntu:14.04 . -f apt_initd_dockerfile --build-arg BASE_IMAGE_TAG=14.04 --build-arg OS_TYPE=ubuntu`

Reviewer: Suggest wrapping this in code blocks (couldn't use the suggestion tooling to show this, sorry!):

```
docker build --rm --no-cache -t litmusimage/ubuntu:14.04 . -f apt_initd_dockerfile --build-arg BASE_IMAGE_TAG=14.04 --build-arg OS_TYPE=ubuntu
```

# remove all containers
docker rm -f $(docker ps -a -q)
# jump into a container, force a shell
docker exec -it litmusimage_debian9_-2223 /bin/bash
# attach to a container ( limited by what pid 0 is)
docker attach litmusimage_ubuntu16.04_-2222
# safely exit a container, leaving it running 
<ctrl> + p then <ctrl> + q
# get the latest version of the image
docker pull debian:8
# show the history of the image
docker image history litmusimage/ubuntu16.04
# remove all docker images that are on your local machine
docker rmi $(docker images -q)
```

# Add new images

* Add/change dockerfile for the new image
* Every dockerfile needs a `base_image` label where the base image id will be stored. This will be used in the nightly build to identify if the base image has been updated.
* Change workflows at https://github.com/puppetlabs/litmus_image/tree/master/.github/workflows to build the new images
* New images will be pushed to dockerhub only on pushes to the master branch, and will be updated nightly in case the base image has changed

## Future improvements

> * Use a centralized file (`.cvs?`) with the images and coresponding `docker build` parameters rather than having it duplicated in every workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use a centralized file (possibly a `.csv`) with the images and coresponding `docker build` parameters rather than having it duplicated in every workflow
```
